feat: get peer index provider (#10)
CheckerNetwork/index-provider-peer-id: README.md

result.

```js
import {
  getIndexProviderPeerId,
  MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
  MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI,
} from '@filecoin-station/index-provider-peer-id'
import { ethers } from 'ethers'

// Initialize your ethers contract instance
const provider = new ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider('https://eth.example.com')
const contract = new ethers.Contract(
  MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS,
  MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI,
  provider,
)

// Basic usage
const minerId = 'f0142637'
const { peerId, source } = await getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, contract)
console.log(peerId) // e.g., '12D3KooWMsPmAA65yHAHgbxgh7CPkEctJHZMeM3rAvoW8CZKxtpG'
console.log(source) // 'smartContract' or 'filecoinMinerInfo'

// Advanced usage with options
const { peerId, source } = await getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, contract, {
  maxAttempts: 3, // Number of retry attempts (default: 5)
  rpcUrl: 'https://custom-filecoin-api.com', // Custom Filecoin RPC endpoint (default: 'https://api.node.glif.io/')
  rpcAuth: 'your-auth-token', // Optional authorization token for RPC
  rpcFn: customRpcFunction, // Optional custom RPC function implementation.

> })

Author: Do we expect that the provider URL of the smart contract client is always the same as the rpcUrl? (Same for rpcAuth). If not then we cannot omit parsing rpcUrl and rpcAuth. 

We could use the interface `getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, provider...) `. This would hide the smart contract ABI and address. It would however limit us to integration tests as we can no longer use uni tests with this. Then wen could also remove rpcFn.

> })

Author: We could change the function signature to: 
`export async function getIndexProviderPeerId(
  minerId,
  provider,
  { maxAttempts = 5, rpcUrl = 'https://api.node.glif.io/', rpcAuth } = {},
  testingOptions = { /** @type {function} */ rpcFn: undefined, smartContract: undefined },
)` this would allow us to: 
1. Hide the ABI and the address
2. Allow for different rpcUrls between the provider and the rpc call to `FilecoinMinerInfo` 
3. Testing parameters that allow for unit tests.

> })

Reviewer: > @juliangruber what are your thoughts about the public API for this library?

I have before proposed to Nikolas to turn this into a class, which solves similar issues as your proposals with the client handle or the factory pattern. Nikolas wanted to keep things functional, I guess in that sense your proposals should work.

Since this library wants to expose one function only, I'm now on board with only exposing one function, and no factory or other stuff. A class with one method is basically just one method, but with currying. Same with the factory pattern in this case.

> })

Reviewer 2: > Do we expect that the provider URL of the smart contract client is always the same as the rpcUrl? (Same for rpcAuth). If not then we cannot omit parsing rpcUrl and rpcAuth.

In the three Spark repositories where we want to use this library, I expect us to use the same RPC URL & Auth token config. (We already do that in spark-checker where the code originates from.)

Both paths are interacting with the same blockchain (Filecoin). 

Conceptually, as a user of this library:
- At startup time, I want to configure the RPC API provider this library should use for interacting with Filecoin
- Later, I want to get Index Provider Peer ID for a given Miner ID

While I can imagine wanting to use different provider for reading smart-contract state and for reading Filecoin-specific state, I don't see why anybody would need that.

What use case do you have in mind for using two different RPC API providers?

> We could use the interface `getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, provider...) `. This would hide the smart contract ABI and address. It would however limit us to integration tests as we can no longer use uni tests with this. Then wen could also remove rpcFn.

Are you sure you cannot mock `provider` in the unit tests, similarly to how you are mocking `smartContract`?

> ```js
> export async function getIndexProviderPeerId(
>   minerId,
>   provider,
>   { maxAttempts = 5, rpcUrl = 'https://api.node.glif.io/', rpcAuth } = {},
>   testingOptions = { /** @type {function} */ rpcFn: undefined, smartContract: undefined },
> )
> ```

I find `testingOptions` as an anti-pattern. 
- There is nothing preventing users from providing testing options in production code. These testing options are just more options.
- It does not solve the problem where some combinations of options are confusing.

I am concerned about the amount of time we are investing into this library. Let's try to find a minimum set of improvements that will allow us to land this PR soon.

I propose the following:

- Keep your current API for `getIndexProviderPeerId`.
- Add an assertion requiring the caller to provide either `rpcUrl/rpcAuth` or `rpcFn` but not both.
- Update the documentation & examples in README accordingly.
- Update the examples in README to use only one RPC URL everywhere

We can iterate on better API later if we discover a need for that.

> })

Author: Adressed in c267512

```

The function prioritizes the smart contract result. If the smart contract doesn't return a valid
PeerId, it falls back to the result from FilecoinMinerInfo. If both methods fail, an error is thrown

> with details about the failure.

Author: Addressed in f693428

### Parameters

- `minerId`: A Filecoin miner actor ID (e.g., `f0142637`)
- `smartContract`: An ethers.js Contract instance for the Filecoin smart contract
- `options`: (Optional) Configuration object:
  - `maxAttempts`: Number of retry attempts for RPC calls (default: 5)
  - `rpcUrl`: Filecoin RPC endpoint URL (default: 'https://api.node.glif.io/')
  - `rpcAuth`: Authorization token for RPC endpoint (if required)
  - `rpcFn`: Custom function for making RPC calls.

#### Custom RPC Function

- `rpcFn`: Custom function for making RPC calls to the Filecoin network. If provided, it overrides

>   the default RPC implementation. This function should match the following signature:

Reviewer 2: Please make it clear this function overrides the behaviour for the MinerInfo state lookup. The smart-contract lookup will keep using the Ethers.js Provider attached to the `smartContract`.

This is another thing I find confusing for consumers of this library.

Author: Addressed in f693428

  ```typescript
  async function rpcFn(
    method: string,
    params: any[],
    options?: {
      rpcUrl?: string
      rpcAuth?: string

>     },

Reviewer 2: This creates too many possible combinations of configuration; I am worried about bugs that could be caused.

For example, what is the expected behaviour of this call - which RPC API provider will be used?

```js
const rpcFn = (method, params) => 
  someRpcLibrary(method, params, { url: 'https://api.beryx.com' })

getIndexProviderPeerId(minerInfo, smartContract, {
  rpcUrl: 'http://api.glif.io',
  rpcFn,
})
```

Another example I would find difficult to understand - can you tell which RPC API provider is used?

```js
const rpcFn = (method, params, { rpcUrl } ) => 
  someRpcLibrary(method, params, { url: rpcUrl })

getIndexProviderPeerId(minerInfo, smartContract, { rpcFn })
```

Here are a few suggestions what to try:

Since this library expects the user to create a `smartContract` instance, can it expect the user to create `rpcFn` as well?

```js
import { rpc } from 'index-provider-peer-id'

const RPC_URL = 'https://glif.io'
const RPC_TOKEN = 'some-token'

const smartContract = // initialise per current docs
const rpcFn = (method, params, options) => rpc(method, params, {
  rpcUrl: RPC_URL,
  rpcAuth: RPC_TOKEN,
  ...options
})

const { peerID, source } = await getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, smartContract, rpc, { maxAttempts: 3 })
```

Reviewer 2: Another option/suggestion:

If we want `getIndexProviderPeerId` to accept both `rpcFn` and `rpcUrl/rpcAuth`, then make these two options mutually exclusive. Allow the caller to supply `rpcFn` or `rpcUrl/rpcAuth`, but not both.

Reviewer 2: > We can simply erase it from the documentation as well and only encourage the user to use rpcUrl and rpcAuth as optional parameters.

That's a great idea, I like it 👍🏻

Reviewer 2: But even if `rpcFn` is undocumented, I think it's still important to assert that the caller did not supply both rpcFn and rpcUrl - see https://github.com/CheckerNetwork/index-provider-peer-id/pull/10#discussion_r2018163010 and https://github.com/CheckerNetwork/index-provider-peer-id/pull/10#discussion_r2017039165

Author: Addressed in 7c54512

  ): Promise<any>
  ```

  The function receives:

  - `method`: The RPC method name to call
  - `params`: An array of parameters for the method
  - `options`: Optional object containing:
    - `rpcUrl`: The Filecoin RPC endpoint URL
    - `rpcAuth`: Authorization token for the RPC endpoint

  It should return a Promise that resolves to the RPC response's result field.

  If not provided, the default RPC function will be used with the specified `rpcUrl` and `rpcAuth`.
  The default implementation uses 'https://api.node.glif.io/' as the RPC endpoint if no `rpcUrl` is
  provided and it uses no authentication (rpcAuth is undefined).

> ### Return Value

Reviewer 2: Can you please check why is syntax highlighing broken in the diff view. Does this markdown render as intended? I suspect there may be formatting/syntactic error somewhere.

<img width="819" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-27 at 10 10 51" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2257dcfc-6665-4204-9ae0-95afc547af65" />

Author: Which part of the  syntax highlighing is broken? I am not sure what you mean. It looks fine to me: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca14f382-28fe-440a-99ed-e143b5ff695f)

Reviewer 2: The sentence "It should return a Promise that resolves to the RPC response's result field." has keywords like `return` and `Promise` highlighted (as JavaScript syntax?) and the dot at the end of the sentence is in a red box.

<img width="520" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-28 at 9 49 32" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/978e3ee4-def0-4b2a-b46a-fcaf5ac2c7a7" />

The line `### Return value` is not highlighted as a heading. It's shown as plain text.

<img width="130" alt="Screenshot 2025-03-28 at 9 50 07" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9201e580-d039-4fd2-b577-7f2bab2ecd93" />

Based on your screenshot, the rendered version looks correct. I think we can ignore how the changes are rendered in the diff view.

Returns a Promise that resolves to the miner's PeerId string (e.g.,
`12D3KooWMsPmAA65yHAHgbxgh7CPkEctJHZMeM3rAvoW8CZKxtpG`).

### Constants

#### Smart Contract Integration

This library interacts with the MinerPeerIDMapping smart contract on the Filecoin EVM to retrieve
peer ID data.

> ##### `MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`

Reviewer 2: AFAIK, you can only nest headings to four levels (h4 in HTML).

You can use bold font instead of headings if you need deeper nesting.

```suggestion
**`MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`**
```

Reviewer: Alternatively we rethink the nesting. I think individual constants don't need their own heading, this can just be a list:

```
- `MINER_TO_..`: Description
- etc
```

Reviewer 2: I guess if GitHub can render level-5 headings, then it's okay to use them. 🤷🏻

The Ethereum address of the deployed MinerPeerIDMapping contract.

> ##### `MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI`

Reviewer 2: Ditto.

Functionality for fetching index provider peer IDs for a minder id on the Filecoin network.

## Usage

### Getting a Miner's PeerId

The library provides a function to retrieve a miner's PeerId by querying both the Filecoin smart
contract and FilecoinMinerInfo. It will automatically try both sources and return the first valid
result.

```js
    maxAttempts = 5,

> import { getIndexProviderPeerId, MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS, MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI } from '@filecoin-station/index-provider-peer-id';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { getIndexProviderPeerId, MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS, MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI } from '@checkernetwork/index-provider-peer-id';
```

import { ethers } from 'ethers';

// Initialize your ethers contract instance
const provider = new ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider('https://eth.example.com');
const contractAddress = MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS;
const contractAbi = MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI;
const contract = new ethers.Contract(contractAddress, contractAbi, provider);

// Basic usage
const minerId = 'f0142637';
const peerId = await getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, contract);
console.log(peerId); // e.g., '12D3KooWMsPmAA65yHAHgbxgh7CPkEctJHZMeM3rAvoW8CZKxtpG'

// Advanced usage with options
const peerIdWithOptions = await getIndexProviderPeerId(minerId, contract, {
  maxAttempts: 3,                             // Number of retry attempts (default: 5)
  rpcUrl: 'https://custom-filecoin-api.com',  // Custom Filecoin RPC endpoint (default: 'https://api.node.glif.io/')
  rpcAuth: 'your-auth-token',                 // Optional authorization token for RPC
  rpcFn: customRpcFunction                    // Optional custom RPC function implementation.
});
```

The function prioritizes the smart contract result. If the smart contract doesn't return a valid

> PeerId, it falls back to checking FilecoinMinerInfo. If both methods fail, an error is thrown with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PeerId, it falls back to the result from FilecoinMinerInfo. If both methods fail, an error is thrown with
```

The current documentation isn't exactly correct, as the lib tries both concurrently, and then decides what to return.

details about the failure.

### Parameters

- `minerId`: A Filecoin miner actor ID (e.g., `f0142637`)
- `smartContract`: An ethers.js Contract instance for the Filecoin smart contract
- `options`: (Optional) Configuration object:
  - `maxAttempts`: Number of retry attempts for RPC calls (default: 5)
  - `rpcUrl`: Filecoin RPC endpoint URL (default: 'https://api.node.glif.io/')
  - `rpcAuth`: Authorization token for RPC endpoint (if required)
  - `rpcFn`: Custom function for making RPC calls. If not provided the default rpc function with the
    provided rpcUrl and rpcAuth will be used. If not rpcURL is provided, the default rpc function

>     will use 'https://api.node.glif.io/' as the default rpcURL.

Reviewer: If we document that rpcFn exists as an option, we should also document its signature

Author: Resolved in bbc0066

### Return Value

Returns a Promise that resolves to the miner's PeerId string (e.g.,
`12D3KooWMsPmAA65yHAHgbxgh7CPkEctJHZMeM3rAvoW8CZKxtpG`).

### Constants

#### Smart Contract Integration

This library interacts with the MinerPeerIDMapping smart contract on the Filecoin EVM to retrieve
peer ID data.

##### `MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`

The Ethereum address of the deployed MinerPeerIDMapping contract.

##### `MINER_TO_PEERID_CONTRACT_ABI`

The ABI required to fetch peer ID and signature data for a given miner ID.

For more information:

- [Smart Contract Documentation](https://github.com/filecoin-project/curio/blob/395bc47d0f585cbc869fd4671dc05b1b2f4b18c2/market/ipni/spark/sol/README.md)
- [Technical Background](https://docs.curiostorage.org/curio-market/ipni-interplanetary-network-indexer-provider#ipni-provider-identification)

## Publish

> Publish a new version of `@filecoin-station/spark-evaluate`:

Author: Ah thanks, forgot to change the name
